I'm Peppa Pig.
This is my little brother, George.
This is Mummy Pig.
And this is Daddy Pig.
Peppa Pig.
The Children Fete
Peppa and her friends are at playgroup.
Mr. Bull is checking the school roof.
Moo. Who put this roof on for you?
Err, you did. Mr. Bull
Lovely job. it will last your a lifetime
But it is leaking water.
Look. It is going to drop a drip.
You need a new roof
Oh dear, where are we going to get the money
for a new school roof.
We can do the school fete to get the money.
Good idea, Danny. But who would run it?
We can.
Yes, the children can do it.
I can do the face painting.
I can do the microphone.
We can have a mummys and daddys' race.
And I can sell for balloons.
Yes. We will have a children's fete.
Hooray.
It is the day of children's fete.
All the grown-ups are here.
Hello, grown-ups.
Danny dog is in charge of the microphone.
Get your money out for the school new roof.
Emily elephant is in charge of breakup store.
Roll up, roll up.
All sold for a bit of bucks.
What a lot of brackens, Emily.
You will be busy all day selling it.
Here is Mr. Fox
Mm, these all look very interesting.
Balloons, lovely balloons.
Would you like a balloon, Madame Gazelle?
May I have a red one?
How much is it?
How much have you got?
Oh, of course.
We are rasising money for the school roof.
Look my Madame Gazelle,
I have got rid of everything.
Wonderful, Emily.
How much money you have raised?
Money?
Did you not get some money for the bitten box?
I didn't need to.
Mr. Fox  took it away for nothing.
Get your face painted here.
Susie is in charge of the panting facestore.
Hello, Susie.
Can I be a mountain leopard, please?
No. I can only do fruit.
OK. Can I be.
A plum, there.
Peppa is in charge the lucky dip.
Roll up, roll up, be your lucky dip.
Moo, hello, peppa.
Hello, Mr. Bull. You've got a green face.
I'm an apple.
Would you like to try the lucky dip?
OK, what do I do?
Just pull prize out of the barrel,
everyone is winner.
Mr. Bull has won an dolly.
Can I have a go?
Mrs. Cat has won a digger.
Oh, do you want to swap?
No, thank you.
Mr. Ball and Mrs. Cat
like their lucky dip prizes.
Roll up, roll up.
Freddy Fox is in charge of
the mummy's and daddy's rise.
Thank you. It all has to raise money
for a new school roof.
I am quiet good at running.
It's not running, daddy.
It's a sack race.
Oh.
You have to get in the bag,
and jump over there as fast as you can.
Right.
On your marks, get set, yahoo.
And they have fallen down.
And they are back up again.
Hooray. Come on, daddy, mummy, come on, hurry.
And my mummy is the winner.
Hooray.
That was fun, wasn't it?
Yes. Lots of fun.
But really we must thank the children
for all their hard work.
Thank you, children.
And we have raised enough money
to buy a new school roof again.
Hooray.